
SRS Document: 

Title: Online House Rental management web System

Group Members: Sayali Dhote
               Vaidehi Chaudhary

List of actors: Admin
                Owner
                Tenant

Purpose of project:
        Online House Rental portal create friendly environment between tenants and the owners using
        the internet.using this system house owners,tenants and admin  can exchange information 
        effectively and inexpensively.
        It enable owner to add their property and tenants to find suitable places on rent in 
        the city according to their needs.It facilitates easy management of rental houses and
        provides user-friendly interface, satisfying the needs of           
        the consumers.Online rental house portal is designed to meet every aspect of the consumers.


Scope of project: 
        This system will enable tenant to  find the suitable house on rent using various filters to ease 
        their search.Also owners can easily add their property to find  tenant for their property.

Definitions:
         OHRS-->         Online House Rental System
         SRS --> 	Software Requirement Specification
         GUI---> 	Graphical User Interface
         Portal-->       Personalized Website
         RDBMS -->       Relational Dadabase Management System.

Overview:
        This system provide easy solution to tenants to find the suitable house on rent online without         going through hassel of brokers and paying extra money.Also owners can easily rent their         properties.


Additional Information:
                    The system work on internet server, so it will  be operated by any end user for the                     buying purpose with secure platform.
                    This system protects the integrity of the sellers and buyers, provides easy                     return's, buying policies and offers.
       
General Description:

Functional Requirements:
                This section provides requirement overview of the system. 

                Tenants : They should be able to register and login.
                          They should be able to find house as per filters they will apply.
                          After registration only they can see the property options and owner details.
                          3rd party should automatically be removed from the database
                          This module is operated by a customer who needs to register with the                           application. A customer is a person who is looking for rent. The customer is                             activated by client and customer can search based on specifications and get                              results about rent details.
	
   
                Admin : They should be able to cross check the owner using system and then decide                         weather to register or remove the owner.
                        He should be able to check the feedback of tenants for properties. 
                        This module is operated by a client who is an admin to this application who will                         look after users registering with the application (owners and customers ) and                         active and deactivate them.


               Owners : login,register
                        He should be able to add various properties.
                        And whenever the property get sold ,database should get updated by removing the                          property .This module is operated by the user who is the owner of the property                           and wants to give it for rent.The owner should register with an application                              which will be authorized by the client. The owner can upload room details,                         pictures,location, rent ..etc. which comes under owner module. The owner can                            view the house and add house form his module.

Non-Functional Requirements

Portability:
	The application is HTML and scripting language based (Javascript). So the end user part is fully         portable and any system using any web browser should be able to use the features of the                 system,including any hardware platform that is available or will be available in the futuer. 
	An end-user  is used this system on an OS;either it is Windows or Linux.
	The System shall run on PC, Laptops and PDA.etc.
	The  technology should be transferable to different environments easily.

Accessibility:
        Only registered users should be allowed to process the orders after authentications.
        Only GUI access of the system should be permited to end users.

Efficiency:
	The system should provide good throughput and response to multiple users without burdening the         system by using appropriate number of servers.

Modulariy:
       The system should have user friendly interface. 
       It should be easily updated,modified and reused. 

List of features:

Preliminary Schedule: 

Home Page:
Owner Registration Page:
House Owner login Page:
House Owner home Page:
View Owner profile page:
Add House details:
View added House details:
Client login:
Client Home:
View owner and activate:
View user and activate:
Customer Registration:
Customer Login:
Customer Home Page:
View Profile Page:
Search Houses:
Results Page:
About us: